settimeout() is used for delay the function call. this is global object in js.

node modular sysytem.
var variable declared in node are not added into the global object.

module object and it's properties. export property. node does not run the code directly, it wraps up the code into the function/module like.
(function (exports, require, module, _filename, _dirname){
  //code
})

console is not module console is object
important modules in node
file system
http(class in node which is used build to web server)
os
path
process
query strings
stream

Event module
signal that indicates that something has happened. when we receives request on that port http class raises an event.

HTTP module
used to create networking applications. it's a object which has createServer method with the help of this method we can create web server. this server has all the methods of EventEmitter(inheritance)

Express


Node Core
So, in this section, you learned that:
We don't have the window object in Node.
The global object in Node is "global".
Unlike browser applications, variables we define are not added to the "global" object.
Every file in a Node application is a module. Node automatically wraps the code in each file with an IIFE (Immediately-invoked Function Expression) to create scope. So, variables and functions defined in one file are only scoped to that file and not visible to other files unless explicitly exported.
To export a variable or function from a module, you need to add them to module.exports: module.exports.sayHello = sayHello;
To load a module, use the require function. This function returns the module.exports object exported from the target module:
const logger = require('./logger');-
Node has a few built-in modules that enable us to work with the file system, path objects, network, operating system, etc.
EventEmitter is one of the core classes in Node that allows us to raise (emit) and handle events. Several built-in classes in Node derive from EventEmitter.
To create a class with the ability to raise events, we should extend EventEmitter: class Logger extends EventEmitter {}

NPM 
free libraries that we can add to our applications